One bemefit of online retailing is the ability to reach a larger target market as not many people would drive far for a 20 pund breating tube that they can get from closer competitors. However if they find your business online and you offer delivery people will be more inclined to buy your product instaead of looking for alternatives to the product. This means you would potentialy be able to get higher sales than if you didnt offer delivery leading to an increased net profit. Another benefit of this is an increased potential online presence which could increase and expand your target market allowing for future potential customers. If customers are also happy with the experience they might also become a returning customer and have increased customer loyalty. another benefit of selling online is because of the increased online presence. this means you could also advertise your other business on the website where you sell your breathing sticks this could bring in more reveniew and result in free advertising for your business. However, one probe with running an online business is the cost of running the website ad the cost of shipping, you would also need to pay someone to mle the website which can cost alot of money.

Social trends can have a significant impact on the distribution channels of small businesses that sell food. Two-way social trends can affect the distribution channels of such businesses in multiple ways. For instance, the trend of consumers preferring to purchase food online has led to a shift in the distribution channels of food businesses. Many businesses that traditionally had high street stores are now setting up websites and changing their distribution channels to adopt a more modern and streamlined approach.Another social trend that can affect the distribution channels of small businesses is the increasing demand for healthy and organic food. This trend has led to a rise in the number of small businesses that specialize in healthy and organic food, which has in turn led to an increase in the number of distribution channels for such businesses. In conclusion, social trends can have a significant impact on the distribution channels of small businesses that sell food. Small businesses need to be aware of these trends and adapt their distribution channels accordingly to stay competitive.